## Today's List

### Listening To -

- [Casual](https://music.apple.com/in/album/casual/1677041299?i=1677041300) - By Chappell Roan, on Repeat 🔁 , from [08/02](08-02.md)

### Casual Blog - 

 - The Article in Reference here is - [Recreational Programming With LoseThos](https://www.osnews.com/story/23796/recreational-programming-with-losethos/)

 - "Why is Everybody soo serious these days". There's a lot of fun in The everyday world. We just need to think in that perspective, Puns and Buns are one of the way. But It isn't easy to shift the Perspective within a snap of a finger as well, that is the catch.
    - **Welcome to the Chess Game of Mental Health**.

- This Post is not intended for those who lack Remorse or Empathy. 

- I am no Psychology Major from a Uni, but, I am just trying to point out The stuff that I could make heads or tails of this thought train. I want to quickly brush over the deeper end of Mental Health, that is neglected almost everywhere.

- I just want to talk about the problems that a normal - medical, corporate or Freelance or any of the full time career goers might be suffering in Silence. As this Umbrella is a conglomerate of rational and irrational situations.

 - I am not working in a corporate as of now, but from the accounts of friends who are, many of their day to day life is like that of a Robot on an Endless Loop. -><br>
> Wake Up -> Get Ready For Work -> Long Commute to Work ->  Daily Scrum and Meetings, same old routine -> EOD -> Long Commute to Home/Place of Stay -> Sleep -> Repeat 🔁

- Because, people are afraid to speak out about their personal problems, fearing that they'll lose everything they once had.

- Like, they would have lost a lot in their life leading up to this present moment, a lot of sacrifices and loses. And a stable source of income might be THE, I emphasise here, THE ONLY PILLAR holding their life in place.
    - We have reached the Middle Game at this point.

- People stay silent in situations because they are aware of the consequences that speaking up for ones self raises. Like player knowing the consequences of their moves end up with a bad End Game, like a Swiss Cheese model.
    - End Game starts from this point.
    
- So "Hey, I lost a lot till this present moment, I just have to gulp it down and just move forward, Don't Worry now, just worry about the Future".

- Future - People are living in the future and neglecting what is happening in the present, or the present is giving them flashbacks of what happened in the past. Like a loop similar to the series **Dark**

- Now you see, this Topic is one Giant Rabbit Hole, NO person dare wants to touch it or move it, because it will or it might trigger an entire community.
    - **And that's a Check Mate in 3 moves**.

- Like "Holy Shite Balls, I just stepped on a Fire Ant's Nest in the lawn."